Fix broken docs link in sui-move-concepts.mdx (#15163)
MystenLabs/sui: docs/content/concepts/sui-move-concepts.mdx

## Move on Sui

> Move on Sui contains some important differences from Move on other blockchains. Sui takes advantage of Move's security and flexibility and enhances it with the features described in the following sections to vastly improve throughput, reduce delays in finality, and make Move programming more approachable. For full details, see the [Sui Smart Contracts Platform](https://github.com/MystenLabs/sui/blob/main/docs/site/static/doc/sui.pdf) white paper.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Move on Sui contains some important differences from Move on other blockchains. Sui takes advantage of Move's security and flexibility and enhances it with the features described in the following sections to vastly improve throughput, reduce delays in finality, and make Move programming more approachable. For full details, see the [Sui Smart Contracts Platform](https://docs.sui.io/doc/sui.pdf) white paper.
```
